Generate all subsets, fill in a function that generates all possible subsets
S. We'll use itertools.combinations
which takes in a list and also the size of each subset.
So you can see here we're importing from itertools combinations,
and when we use combinations,
we first pass in the list of all the features,
and then we also want to choose the size of the subset that we wanted to output.
So it returns an iterable object which is
here that contains tuples of all the combinations.
So if we were to loop through all the items inside the iterable,
you can see that we have all the combinations of these features of size two.
The tuples are all of size two.
So now, fill in the function generate all subsets.
Keep in mind that since the iterable returned by combinations holds tuples,
we can create sets out of the tuples by using set and passing in the tuple.
We'll store the S sets as set types since we
defined the F given S function to take S as a type set.
Remember to also include the empty set,
we can do this using the keyword none.
So bonus challenge, try to implement this function yourself.
Otherwise, you can also try it with the starter code over here.
When you're done, try out the function,
and then check out the solution video.